Photo Licensing Agreement

Your use of the photos provided by Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions and of the Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App Kaffeine Licensing Agreement, which is deemed incorporated herein by this reference.

1. Use of Content

Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App licenses to you the use of including without limitation, the text, graphics, photos, and the like ("Content") only as provided herein on a nonexclusive and nontransferable basis upon payment of the required fees. All other rights to the Content and any accompanying materials such as copyright are retained by Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App and its members. The license granted to you is limited to one usage per download.

2. Intellectual Property and Privacy Laws

You acknowledge that the Content available on the Application is the property of Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App or its content providers or other third parties and is protected by United States and international copyright and other intellectual property laws. Furthermore, you acknowledge that any trademarks and copyrights depicted in any Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App Content are subject to protection by intellectual property laws and that you must obtain consent from the owners of the intellectual property whenever necessary to comply with intellectual property laws. Absent an explicit written statement from Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App stating otherwise, you should assume that no consent from persons or owners of property depicted in any Content has been given regarding the publication of the Content and that model and property releases are not available from Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App or its content providers. Further, Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App makes no claims or warranties as to the validity of the model or property releases associated with any Content.  The existence of such releases should be independently verified by you with sources other than Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App.  You agree that usage of any Content on the Application shall be at your sole risk. In other words, you assume sole responsibility to ensure that your usage of any Content complies with the laws concerning intellectual property and the rights of individuals with respect to defamation, privacy, and right to publicity. You agree not to remove any copyright information from the Content including legally effective copyright notice.

3. Prohibited Uses

You may not use the Content for any purpose except as explicitly permitted herein.

4. Permitted Uses

You may use the Content for personal use as a screen saver on one computer or mobile device system.

5. Discontinuance

Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App reserves the right to replace any Content with an alternative Content for any reason. Upon notice of such replacement, the license for such files terminates with respect to any prospective usage and this license automatically applies to the alternative Content. You further agree to take all reasonable steps to discontinue use of files that have been replaced in products that already exist.

6. Refund Policy

Due to the digital nature of the Content, there will be no refunds after you have downloaded the Content.

7. No resale or sublicensing

You may not resell, distribute or sublicense Content , accompanying material, or the rights to use the files to anyone for any purpose, except as specifically provided for in this agreement or within a Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App Special License or other Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App agreement.

10. Disclaimers

All Content Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and without warranties or conditions of any kind either express or implied. Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App assumes no responsibility for any actions or liabilities arising from their possession or use. Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Under no circumstances shall Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App or its content providers be liable to you or any third-party for any indirect, consequential, incidental, special or punitive damages, including but not limited to lost profits and business interruption, irrespective of the type of cause of action, arising in any way from use of the Content or the Application, even if Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App's liability exceed the fees paid for the use of the files. No oral advice or written information provided by Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App, its content providers or the like, shall create a warranty; nor shall you rely on any such information or advice. You acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all Content, and services available through Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App. In those states that do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.

11. Assignment

You may not assign the rights and obligations under this agreement without obtaining the prior written consent of Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App. Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App may assign this agreement.

12. Severability

Should any clause of this agreement be found unenforceable, that will not affect any other clause and each will remain in full force and effect.

13. Jurisdiction

This contract will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions of California or your actual state or country of residence.

14. Legal Fees

You agree that the prevailing party shall be awarded all costs of bringing a claim, including reasonable attorney fees and the ordinary costs and expenses incurred in resolving the dispute.

15. Entire Agreement

You acknowledge that you have read this agreement, understand it, and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions. You further agree that it is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App, which, excepting Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App Kaffeine Licensing Agreement agreement(s) you may have also entered into, supersedes any proposal or prior agreement, oral or written, and any other communication between you and Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App relating to the subject of this agreement.

16. Revision of Agreement.

Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App may revise this agreement at any time and such revision shall be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised agreement on the Application. You agree to review the agreement prior to the licensing of Content to make yourself aware of such revisions. If any such revision is unacceptable to you, you may terminate your membership by notifying Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App Member Support of your desire to terminate by e-mail. Your notice of termination will be effective upon receipt by Onpunkt Media & The Kaffeine App.